Add consolidated release notes for 2.19.2 (#5485)
opensearch-project/opensearch-build: release-notes/opensearch-release-notes-2.19.2.md

# OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards 2.19.2 Release Notes

## Release Details

[OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards 2.19.2](https://opensearch.org/versions/opensearch-2-19-2.html) includes the following enhancements, bug fixes, infrastructure, documentation and maintenance updates.

OpenSearch [Release Notes](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/blob/2.19/release-notes/opensearch.release-notes-2.19.2.md).

OpenSearch Dashboards [Release Notes](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/blob/2.19/release-notes/opensearch-dashboards.release-notes-2.19.2.md).

> Please note that a new PGP public key is available for artifact verification. OpenSearch’s current PGP public key is scheduled to expire on May 12, 2025. Please visit https://opensearch.org/verify-signatures.html to download the new public key, which is scheduled to expire on March 6, 2027.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### PGP Key Update (opensearch@amazon.com):
Please note that a new PGP public key is available for verification on 2.x artifacts. OpenSearch’s current PGP public key with opensearch@amazon.com email is scheduled to expire on May 12, 2025. Please visit https://opensearch.org/verify-signatures.html to download the new public key, which is scheduled to expire on March 6, 2027.

```

Author: Updated. Thanks!
